My real name is Ye Xuan
I am the third prince of Emperor Shundi of Qinzhou
And the only disciple
I want to eat candied haws
The chicken fat empress asked me to go to the big brother to marry
Father is also
I want my father to hug me
Hug me like a big brother
Why are you stopping me?
childhood
I like candied gourd best
Now.
The thing I hate the most is candied haws
What Xuan'er can't get, she can't
Don't ask for what you can't ask for
It won't be sad.
Just because of you
Because your father doesn't like me
Why are you my mother?
I Hate You
Mother, look, I brought you a bunch too
At the age of 7, my mother died immediately after cooling down
And from then on, I was in a swamp.
One wrong step
It will be doomed
Emperor
I heard that Ye Xuan's family wanted to take him back to raise him
There is such a thing
That's not good
After all, Ye Xuan wanted to be the Chu army
You should study in the palace
Unify the way of ten thousand people
And the Leng family is a medical family
Do you want to teach Ye Xuan how to be a doctor?
Why don't you let him come to me?
Study with Muze
It's good to get close
It's better than being close to your wife
Family after all
Mind you, my mother told me before she died
Concubine Ji Gui is the father's favorite concubine
So he always wants his son
First Prince Ye Muze inherits the throne
And I am his greatest obstacle